and as we've seen with scar now Simba is
the only dominant male the pride is
unlikely to remain stable for very long
this time only one lioness bebe has
given birth
she's keeping well away from the
rough-and-tumble of pride life to
protect her to new cubs but it will take
more than that for Bibi's cubs to grow
to maturity their father Simba will have
to hold on to power
[Music]
and challengers are already arriving oh
not more than 50 meters away we've got
two male lions closing the gap on Simba
and they don't mean they look really
mean they have this type lipped look
when they're hunting and that's exactly
how the more mature of these two new
males is looking just now there's a best
move around a little I'm gonna get the
camera as well
he looks so stable so secure definitely
the king of his patch and then it all
looked so shaky so quickly when the
competition moves in Oh watch your back
Simba watch your back
there's no more than just a few meters
between them now here we go
this is it go sing that run boy run
for the time being
none of the Lions is really prepared to
risk the full-on violence of a fight
between adult males it can take months
for a takeover to succeed but they're
already sizing each other up Simba has
age and experience on his side but these
young challengers look supremely
confident roaring in another Lions
territory is the ultimate act of
provocation Simba wisely retreats from
the skirmish and remarks his territory
[Music]
but the two new males stay in the area
and bebe is about to walk straight into
danger
[Music]
Bibi has seen all this before her own
father
skaar took over the pride only to be
ousted three years later by Simba now
it's Simba's own Cubs that are at risk
from these outsiders
[Music]
this looks like another takeover in the
making but it may not be Simba is alone
but he's in pretty good shape and he
won't give up his pride without a fight
[Music]
yet at the same time eight years
experience in the Maasai Mara has taught
us that these aggressive outsiders might
make perfect fathers for a new
generation of marsh pride lands
you